庇护面谈小贴士

模拟面谈
找一个您信任的朋友来进行模拟面谈。如果您需要翻译，则最好请翻译也到场。让您的朋友发问，认真听清楚问题，您的朋友可能会向您指出您经历中哪些遗漏或者让人不解的部分。

准备一个提纲
这个提纲可以帮助您回忆起您的经历中主要的内容。您需要把您遭受过的迫害列为重点。同样提纲可以帮助您有次序的复述您的遭遇。你同样需要回顾您的申请文件。

陈述事实的全部
即使对您的案子没有什么帮助，您也必须陈述事实。如果您不这么做，最终后果可能会很严重。有的时候略过重点部分也等于在撒谎。但是在有些案子中，如果没有被问到也可以不回答。

放慢语速且认真听问题
有时候移民官会把您说得所有的事情都打字记录下来。如果您说得太快，她/他可能听不到重点部分，所以您的语速要尽量放慢。您也需要认真听移民官的所有问题，请先简明扼要的回答在视情况展开。

细节
移民官想要知道细节，您说的越详细移民官越倾向于相信您的陈述。他或她可能只是在面谈当天看了您的资料，或许没有全部看完，所以您对待面谈要像他第一次听到这些事情一样。

信仰
请准备谈谈您的宗教信仰尤其是和您的申请内容相关的。如果您的庇护是政治庇护申请，您对于您政治信仰的解释就可能至关重要。如果您是宗教庇护，您的宗教知识就很重要。您不需要有专家的知识，但是您所掌握的必须能够让移民官相信您是宗教或者政治团体的一员。

零食
在您的面谈之前可以吃点零食，但是不要太多。您可能要等待一个小时，面谈的时间可能也要持续一个小时或更长，吃点零食可以让您舒服一点。
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This guide will give you some tips on preparing for your asylum interview in front of the asylum officer.

Practice Telling Your Story C Find a friend that you trust and tell them your story. If you are going to be using an interpreter, have an interpreter present when you are practicing. Allow your friend to ask you questions and listen carefully to the questions that your friend asks as they may provide you with an idea of where your story is confusing or missing details.

Prepare an Outline C Prepare an outline of your story so that you can remember the main points and especially the names and dates. You will want to highlight all the instances of persecution no matter how small. It is also important to make sure that you understand the order that the events occurred. You should also re-read your application so you know what you put down.

Tell the Truth C You MUST tell the truth even if you think that it is not helpful to your case. If you do not, it will likely hurt you in the end. Sometimes omitting important facts is the same thing as lying. However, in some cases, it may be okay not to volunteer information unless asked. An attorney will help you decide when and when not to disclose certain facts.

Speak Slowly and Listen Carefully C Sometimes the Asylum Officer will be typing everything you say. If you speak quickly he or she may not hear something important. You will have to speak very slowly. You will also need to listen very carefully to his questions and try to answer his precise question first before elaborating.

Details C The officer will want to hear details. The more details you can provide the more likely he will believe your claim. He or she may have just read your asylum application that day, or maybe not at all, so you will have to treat the interview as if he is hearing everything for the first time.
Beliefs - Be prepared to talk about your beliefs especially the ones that your claim is based on. If you are claiming political asylum, it’s probably important that you can explain your political beliefs. If you are seeking religious asylum you should know something about your religion. You do not need to be an expert, but at least know enough for the officer to believe that you are a member of that religion or political party

Snack - Have a snack before your interview, but not too much. You may be waiting for an hour and the interview may last an hour or more so you want to be comfortable.

Attorney - You really should be working with an attorney who has experience in asylum law. The application is just as important as the interview. An attorney will make sure that you have a strong application with a significant amount of evidence. Some asylum applications may be over 150 pages in length. An attorney will be able to best prepare you and attend the interview with you. At the interview an attorney will mostly stay silent but they may speak of if they feel that the asylum officer is out of line or if there is any miscommunication. An attorney can also ask you questions in front of the officer at the end in case there is important information that the Asylum officer forgot to ask you or you forgot to provide.
